06/23/2025
Today I want to investigate more into the basic command modifiers that we can use in the terminal that start with a dash, such as -b. I also want to prepare for tomorrow's lesson on pull requests and what they are, how they work. Then the third investigation I want to commence is on html basics because I have never learned that language before in school or in any other classes and I would like to be at the same level as my cohort peers for when we start working with html. I also learned I should save the previous status updates instead of replacing them with the current day's update.  
06/24/2025
Today I practiced creating my own repo in github, creating a remote for it in the terminal, pushing subfolders and files to the main, and making pull requests. I also learned that sometimes it will cause an issue to commit an empty subfolder or folder in general so its best to create a file within them. Also, I learned some basic commands with git such as git log to check commits, and git status to check the status.
06/25/2025
On wednesday, I created my very basic linkedin profile that I will continue to improve with Nell in the days to come so that I can market my skills and accomplishments so far. I also disected what I want to add to my linkedin to get it to my ideal profile vision. I also engaged in discussion with my Cohort 6 peers on thoughts on the college journey.  
06/26/2025
This thursday, I practiced opening an application with yarn and node installations. Then, I made changes to the page.tsx file in the nextjs-practice branch and committed those changes and made a pull request.
06/27/2025
Today we worked on discovering our leadership annd learnng styles through in depth quizzes and results analysis. We also worked individually with Nell to understand our financial aid packages from our respective universities.  
06/30/2025
Today, we had two lessons on html and rebasing. I learned the steps to rebase and why we use it: to solve merge conflicts and to pull information from main to our branch. Also, I worked on writing some basic notes on html from the url on its syntax Wa-jiw sent on Slack. I learned also the different purposes in website building for html, css, dom, and javascript where some are meant as a stable program and others allow the website to be interactive. 
07/1/2025
Tuesday we went over javascript fundamentals and I practiced rebasing more with main and my separate branch. I also learned the purpose of case structures and how to define classes and create classes. 
07/2/2025
Wednesday we went over with Daniel arrow function and ternary functions and how it replaces essentially the if else. We also went over ways to make our code cleaner and less clunky by reducing the amount of lines in our code and doing inline operations and argumennts or code. Then, we went on our way to the escape room!