06/18/25

Today, I downloaded and installed the apps needed for this program. I also get to interact with the terminal for the first time.

06/20/25

I somehow deleted my VS code so Milo helped me redownload and set it up. Yesterday was Juneteenth, so I spent some time with family and friends. 
Excited to get started next week.

06/23/25

Getting more confortable with terminal and will review commands on my own. 

06/24/25

Day by day I am getting my comfortable with terminal. Everything is easier to grasp conceptually but harder to execute, but I'm learning.
Grabbed lunch with my best friend as she is interning a few blocks away, always nice to see friends out and about. Three things I want to 
learn are: essential commands, the different scenarios we will encounter working in terminal, and the dangers of committing and 
pushing into the wrong place.

06/25/25

Today, Nell led a discussion on the experience, including our fears and the network we share in Seneca even while we are away. I grabbed lunch 
again with Rena. Planning for a birthday cruise this weekend. As for this job, I am confident in updating my status, however when I access 
this file from finder, my old one appears, so let's hope this doesn't continue with future projects.

06/26/25

Today, we worked more with git. We practiced creating branches in our collaborative training repository. With those branches of the repo, 
we made changes on a site, added, committed, pushed, and made a PR. These are fundamental skills that I will continue to utilize.


06/27/25

Yesterday, I went home and worked on my first HTML project, a blog called Shishi in the Chi. I was just trying to fimilarize myself with the language.
Nell had Cohort 6 taking quizzes to analyze our leadership and learning styles. The results stated I was a democratic leader and a multimodal learner.
These results did not surprise me as I believe I am a team player who likes to meet people halfway, and I learn using many methods like visual aids, 
conversations, and etc. My cousin's birthday dinner boat is tomorrow and I am excited to spend time with family and friends. 


06/30/25

Today, we were introduced to the basics of HTML. I can grasp the material conceptually but the different tags are things I will have to learn as I go,
or on my own timing. Jaime taught us what rebasing was and how to rebase, I didn't get the chance to do it, although. I had a great time this weekend at my
cousin's birthday boat dinner, getting the chance to spontaneously meet a magician. Excited to dive more into HTML and for Wednesday's escape room.


07/01/25

Today we dove into Javascript functions and syntax. Wa-jiw said Java and Javascript are pretty different, but so far they are pretty similar. Jaime is gonna teach
us some material in HTML, I believe, so looking forward to dive more into that. I grabbed lunch with Rena today and am excited for the escape room tomorrow.








